[Music]
can you find what's wrong with these ten
pictures if you can find all the
mistakes in these ten seemingly normal
images that you might have a promising
career as a detective are you the next
Sherlock Holmes let's find out you'll
have just ten seconds to look at each
picture and decide what's wrong with it
but before you start flexing your
observation skills and critical thinking
take a moment to subscribe to our
Channel and turn on post notification to
keep up with our updates one astronaut
let's start with an out-of-this-world
challenge I can't even imagine what
could possibly be wrong here maybe you
can do better and spot the mistake
you're ten seconds start now
[Music]
oh my looks like there are two moons in
this picture in reality Earth only has
one natural satellite the one and only
moon to countryside okay let's get back
down the earth to this beautiful
countryside scene looks like Sherlock
Holmes himself has decided to go for a
walk in the fresh air just crossing this
nice little bridge yet I feel like
something's wrong here can you figure
out what it is in ten seconds
[Music]
there's no River on the other side of
the bridge so kinda renders the bridge
obsolete doesn't it three bathroom
good morning mr. Dracula careful with
that shape you might Knick yourself wait
that pyres bleed or not that's not the
point here something's amiss and I want
you to tell me what it is
okay I'll never do that again sorry
[Music]
time's up the answer here is pretty
straightforward vampires don't have
reflections
sorry Dracula you'll have to think of
other ways to avoid shaving cuts
for ice float just another day in the
Arctic and all its inhabitants are
enjoying a fresh summer breeze
everything seems hunky-dory to me I
don't let you figure out the problem for
me just ten seconds did you get it well
some basic knowledge of zoology no
that's not the study of zoos but of
animals would tell you that this scene
could never happen in real life
polar bears live in the North Pole and
penguins are found in the South Pole
alas they can't meet and play together
bummer five breakfasts mom's just
serving some breakfast two or three kids
in the kitty cat what could possibly be
wrong with this idyllic picture as per
usual you have ten seconds to crack this
breakfast conundrum
[Music]
mom must be deep in thought about the
errand she has to run the day because
she's pouring milk out of an empty
pitcher it's okay mom we know you're
overworked six desert luckily those kids
aren't without something to drink in the
desert camels on the other hand can go a
long time without water yeah they're
still missing something what could it be
[Music]
the camels are missing their shadows
it's a bright sunny day you know so
they've got a cast one on the empty sand
[Music]
seven London how about some sightseeing
London has all kinds of places to visit
and their famous red double-decker buses
can take you anywhere you want
unless something or someone will prevent
that from happening do you think you
know what it could be you're ten seconds
start now this one might have been a
little tricky for those of you who don't
know traffic laws in the UK but they
actually drive on the left side of the
road over there this picture does not
depict that eight country cottage let's
leave the hustle and bustle of the big
city and head to the quiet solitude of
the country cottage it's so perfect
there or is it
[Music]
if you got this one right you have a
real eye for detail
the answer is literally blowing in the
wind the smoke coming out of the chimney
is going in one direction but the trees
are blowing in the other that's just
impossible nine fitting-room
a lovely young lady trying on a
beautiful outfit in the fitting room she
sure wants every detail in her look to
be perfect yet something definitely
isn't you have ten seconds to find out
exactly what it is
[Music]
are your answers ready the reflection of
the arms in the mirror is all wrong
left and right are playing a switcheroo
are you ready for the final challenge
this time you'll have to spot for
mistakes not just one so put on your
thinking caps and let's take a look 10
city street ready set go
you're ten seconds starts now
[Music]
okay time to check your answers it looks
like the traffic light is missing the
red signals a soccer game is planned for
December 32nd and that day is unlikely
to ever come the tram must be moving on
imaginary rail since there are no real
ones under it as for the fourth mistake
I challenge you to share it in the
comments don't forget to share this
video with your friends and click
subscribe to always stay with us on the
bright side of life
[Music]